Fixes #81: Cycle 2406: Add NZCH short-STARs (#104)
vatnz-dev/sops: docs/enroute/KAI.md

    **Note**: As `KABGO` sits within CH TMA's airspace, coordination would be required.

> #### Short STARs - NZCH

Reviewer: I don't think mentioning of the `# K` and `# J` STARs is necessary within the KAI page, as the STAR's commencement is within the STH sector. Thoughts?

Author: Will move to STH

> `BELEE1J` and `BELEE1K` are Short STARs into CH TMA that capture ILS 02 and ILS 20 at their intermediate fixes, `IDUBU` and `DIVSU` respectively. Controllers must co-ordinate with CH TMA or CH TWR before clearing aircraft for these arrivals, as prior planning may be required to ensure flow is maintained.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`BELEE #J` and `BELEE #K` are Short STARs into CH TMA that capture ILS 02 and ILS 20 at their intermediate fixes, `IDUBU` and `DIVSU` respectively. Controllers must co-ordinate with CH TMA or CH TWR before clearing aircraft for these arrivals, as prior planning may be required to ensure flow is maintained.
```

These STARs are flow control STARs, allowing controllers to sequence aircraft onto a shorter final approach. Controllers should utilise these STARs when a conflict exists at the IAF for the ILS 02/20 or if northbound or southbound arrival flows have already been established.

> These arrivals provide track shortening of **4NM** compared to the `A`/`B` arrivals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These arrivals provide track shortening of **4nm** compared to the `BELEE #A`/`BELEE #B` arrivals.
```

Author: Thanks Richard! Good suggestions
